{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meeting Date: 3/2/2017\
Recorder: Ellis \
DH Clinic team members present: Ellis, Ramya, Ashley, Paul, Eddie \
\
Summary: Mapping project goals and deliverables\
Major Action Items: Digitization of archival items, Itemization of individual team member tasks on Trello \
Notes: \
  1.  Ramya notes that some collection items that have bent sent over from Lisa aren't actually digitized (may help in vetting which collections we can work with). Will begin going through individual items on Friday and bring back to group for input on which collection to pick going forward. \
  2. Work with TJ and special collections to digitize. If they aren't able to assist then we will go forward with photo digitization\
  3. Paul and Michael will create CSV file of metadata, perhaps using Google Sheets for export (will be compatible with Omeka's CSV import). Will look into ways for automation and also reach out to Lisa in special collection to see if their team can export their item information as CSV.  \
  4. At least 10 items would be ideal number to have in collection.  \
  5. Incorporating Launch event into Make-a-thon where community members have the ability to contribute to the website  \
  6. Ashley will plan Omeka workshop for next week Thursday, Friday.  \
  7. Will begin thinking about documentation goals and process going forward.  \
  8. Revise Trello board to highlight tasks on an individual basis (Accomplish by Tuesday of next week) \
  9. Plan the writing of ReadMe file for next week}