March 7, 2017

/b/ Meeting Notes /b/

Attendees
Eddie
Ellis
Paul
Michael
Eduardo
Alex

Notes:

Problem: Special collection in drawer 10 doesn't have meta data for CSV file of metadata
Action: Correlate schedule to collectively input media tags
Goal: Finish data tags/digitization by end of march

1. Ellis scheduled interviewed with Kirsten to plan Make-a-thon, as part of project. 
2. Incorporate 'how to contribute' documentation in the readme.txt
3. Depending on time constraints perhaps incorporate current student activism video to exhibit contrast in past/present. More current (80's-90's) media in drawer 11.
4. Plan writing of ReadMe for next week.
5. Have a great Spring Break!
